(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 23)
Ji An.
Seo Ji An.
Let's talk.
Right there. I'll get off here.
Please wait here.
There he is.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
What are you doing here?
I said I'm working.
How can you work here?
I like it here.
I'm here because I like it.
Why do you like it here?
It's nice,
so just forget about me and leave.
You told me to wait for a week.
Will you wait for a week?
It's been more than a week.
I thought...
you'd keep your promise this time.
So even after you disappeared,
I still waited.
You meant it when you said you'll tell me in a week.
Did I?
Maybe you're right.
Why didn't you call me and become like this?
What's wrong with this?
Ji An.
I can't even say...
that I'm sorry for not keeping my promise.
I'm not going to keep that promise.
What?
You should go. I don't have anything else to say.
Look at you.
How could you ask me to just leave you?
Ms. Seo!
What are you doing over there?
You should be working.
All of the laver is going to dry up.
You deserted your station.
How dare you play hooky?
I'm coming.
I must go back to work.
Sorry.
To whom is he talking to?
We were supposed to have a meal together today.
Hey, you should take her home.
He got her by the collar.
What do you mean?
Mr. Bong is obsessed with money.
He's making her work like a slave...
after making her indebted to him.
I'm not following you.
He saved her when she tried to commit suicide.
She tried to commit suicide?
He paid for her hospital bills.
He charges her 7 dollars for meals, 5 for snacks,
and 50 dollars for her room.
She owes him more money than she can pay back.
My goodness.
Sir.
How do you do?
I'm a friend of Ms. Seo.
So what? What do you want?
She's working here because she owes you money.
How much is her debt?
Why do you want to know? Will you pay it back?
If you could tell me how it happened to begin with.
If I do explain it,
are you going to pay back the money?
I will pay you back every cent and take her home.
Is it true that she tried to commit suicide?
Where was she?
Every morning,
I hike the mountain over there.
I go there when the sun rises,
pay my respects,
and dig out a few wild ginsengs...
which I've planted before.
That's where I found her.
In the mountain?
She wouldn't have gone to that mountain...
unless she was determined to commit suicide.
That's the mountain.
Miss.
She also seemed odd when I saw her during the day.
Nobody...
can be that happy all alone.
No way.
Ji An...
tried to kill herself.
When I hiked down with her on my back,
do you know how scared I was?
I was afraid she might die on my back.
Until I met the Rescue Squad,
I didn't even take a break...
while hiking down that bumpy trail.
My gosh, she's alive. She's awake.
She woke up after her stomach was pumped.
But she wouldn't tell me her name.
When I told her that I was going to call the police,
she begged me...
not to call the police.
Are you done eating?
Yes.
Then pay back 700 dollars for the hospital bills,
and leave this house now.
I don't...
have any money.
You don't have money?
Call your family or anyone you know.
If you don't have 700 dollars,
work on the field to pay back my money.
You can't leave this town...
without paying back the money you owe me.
I purposely stopped her from leaving .
I thought if I let her go,
she would try that again.
But she did everything I told her to do.
That scared me.
I even made sure...
she and my wife slept in the same room.
I was afraid she would run away at night.
I kept giving her work...
so she wouldn't have time to think about suicide,
but she managed to do all the work I gave her.
She wouldn't even complain about being tired.
She didn't say a word.
Why do you think...
my friend is going to commit suicide again?
Didn't you see her?
Her eyes look lifeless.
Those aren't the eyes of the living.
I don't know what she had to go through.
It's been days,
but her eyes are still dead.
This was more than what I bargained for.
I'm glad you're here.
Please take her home.
You think...
she might try to kill herself again?
I don't know if she lacks the will...
or the energy to live her life.
If you don't trust me,
watch her for a day.
You'll understand what I mean.
I even looked into where she used to be an intern,
but no one knows her whereabouts.
It's like she dropped from the face of the earth.
Are they keeping watch on her house?
What if they missed her when she returned?
I don't know since I'm not on watch,
but the report says that she hasn't returned.
Then where could she possibly be?
Maybe she's just resting somewhere?
Even if that's the case, I should know...
where she is and if she really is resting.
Why should you?
Don't you think you're overdoing it?
She's an adult.
I mean, if that happened to me,
I would take more than a month.
I'd want to go into hiding for even six months.
That's why I must find her.
Pardon?
That's why...
I must find her.
Regardless of her whereabouts,
shouldn't you just stay out of it?
I'm risking my job to say this, you know.
She would probably contact her family, right?
Should I ask her parents?
- Excuse me. - Sorry?
Have you seen this girl buying a ticket?
I'm sorry. I don't remember her face.
- I'm sorry again. - Okay.
Next customer, please.
Excuse me.
Have you seen this girl here?
We have a lot of travelers coming in and out of here.
You wouldn't be able to find her like this.
Then where can I look at the surveillance footages?
We can't show the footages to just anyone...
unless you are with the police.
So let me ask again.
Where can I look at the camera footages?
We can't show them to you. I'm sorry.
Hold on, please. I just...
My gosh.
Excuse me.
First, call Ryu's wife to record the blackmailing.
(Ryu's wife)
Is the money ready?
That's not it.
About the money...
I only got 600,000 dollars.
Can't you just take that?
Stop talking nonsense.
I can't get any more money.
I am going to leak the photos then.
No, please don't.
Then please wait a little.
I will sell my other cello.
I will be in big trouble if I sell this too.
You have to keep the promise though.
You can't blackmail me again.
The amount went from 100,000 to 700,000.
If you ask for more,
I will either tell my parents or the police.
I am not that evil, you know?
All right.
I will call you when I get 700,000 dollars.
Don't be late.
(Stop recording)
That was so nerve-racking.
Second,
naturally fire Ryu Jae Shin.
Ms. Min.
About Driver Ryu.
He's married. Why didn't you tell me?
I told you.
I told you when I was explaining about him.
No way. You only told me his name.
Miss,
do you know why I am not married?
How would I know that?
Do you know where I go on my day off every month?
How would I know when you wouldn't tell me?
I told you more than three times...
that I visit my father at the hospital...
because you asked.
Did I?
You don't remember things you're not interested in.
I am not supposed to be interested in your life.
I know that.
By the way, what's wrong with him being married?
Well...
That's not the problem.
I don't care if he's married or not.
Do you not like him?
I don't.
You want to change your driver, right?
That's it.
Ryu is... I mean, Mr. Ryu is...
I will come up with...
the reason for firing him and tell your mother.
Really?
What will you say?
Whatever I say, he won't...
have any right to file a complaint, right?
Of course not.
Yes?
I did the two things you told me to do. And you?
Are you all ready?
Yes, I'm ready.
Really? Let's meet then.
I need to know how it's going.
I can't meet you today.
I have something important to do.
What? What's more important than this?
My goodness.
Did you forget that my sister's there?
Right.
I will choose the day and call you.
It will be a problem if this doesn't work out.
Can I trust him?
Here's your food.
We serve everything on a tray...
so even children can eat it comfortably.
- Please enjoy. - Okay.
You love salad, don't you, sweetie?
You can eat as much rice and salad you want.
You can tell me anytime if you want a refill.
Ji Ho.
What are you doing here?
We need to talk.
It won't take long.
Sit here. Sit over here.
How did you find out about this place?
I heard from Hae Ja...
Never mind that. I will get straight to the point.
This is a nice place.
Seeing this place makes me feel less sorry to you.
What are you talking about?
I am not going to college.
I already told Ji Tae and Dad.
You're not going to college?
Ji Ho, what are you talking about?
The entrance exam is just a few days away.
I haven't been studying. I've been working.
I wanted to make money like you.
What?
You haven't been studying?
- Have you been lying? - Why not?
You can lie,
and I can't?
Ji Ho. I have...
disappointed you, haven't I?
It's my fault.
It's all my fault. But how can you not go to college?
It's always about college.
To send me to college when I don't even want to,
you took money from Ji Tae and put pressure on Ji An.
You switched Ji An and Ji Soo to get this.
This all happened because of your greed.
We could've just lived with what we can afford.
If you let me give up when I first failed,
I wouldn't have lied to you.
And perhaps Ji An...
would've felt less pressured...
and taken a decent job at a smaller company.
If only she knew I was making money.
Why don't any of you...
understand how I feel?
You created this mess. How could we understand you?
You only feel greed.
When I saw you a moment ago,
you looked happy to work here.
I must've gotten it from you.
You should continue to work with a smile.
And stop making a fuss...
about your son making money.
I am not working here to make money now.
I had no choice...
- I'm leaving. - Ji Ho.
I...
won't be going home for a while.
I can't see your face.
That's why I couldn't come as soon as I heard this.
You lied...
to Dad and made this mess all alone.
You deceived all of us...
and ruined both Ji An and Ji Soo's lives.
What should I do?
(Ji Soo)
Thank you. Please come again.
You seriously lack professionalism.
You don't even greet your customer.
If you close your shop, you'll lose the business.
I won't sell coffee to you.
One cafe latte.
Ta-da. I'm done.
I can't do it because my hands are too big.
Perhaps you don't love me enough.
My friend's boyfriend made a jar of 1,000 cranes.
By the way,
do I really have to fold 1,000 cranes?
A thousand cranes make your wish come true.
But this is too small.
Can't you use a bigger paper?
Then, 1,000 cranes won't fit in a jar.
But you can get a big jar.
A jar this big.
Where can you find a jar like that?
How big do you want your crane to be?
I'm hungry. Let me get some bread.
Mr. Kang.
I'm listening.
I think you're mistaken.
Yes. I am divorced.
I got divorced five years ago.
But my divorce didn't have anything to do with you.
I forgot about you when I got married.
You know me, don't you?
I married another man...
because I can forget you.
And I forgot about you when I got married.
Can't you hear me?
My ears are open. Of course I hear you.
That won't change anything.
Just because I'm divorced...
and just because I'm unfortunate...
doesn't mean I didn't forget about you.
You're mistaken.
Really?
Really.
What are you doing?
You still can't lie,
can you?
Hey, Nam Goo!
You got customers.
I will tell you this.
You are mistaken.
Don't you dare come back.
Enjoy.
Hello, Mr. Baker.
Why did you take the cab?
Why did you bring that yourself?
I need milk. Come in first.
Okay.
He said something urgent came up.
And he hurriedly left.
Did he not tell you what it was about?
He didn't. I saw him when I went to get the salt.
He was with someone.
Who?
I don't know.
How can he be so rude?
Even if it was really urgent,
how can he just leave you on the street?
It must've been...
a very urgent business.
Salt is an urgent business for me too.
That's why I brought one sack.
He should've called me.
(Mr. Sunwoo)
He's not answering.
He must've found his lost family member.
There were only old ladies working there.
Did he perhaps lose his mother?
No.
How would you know that?
My goodness. What a shame.
I wanted you to get some fresh air,
and you ended up feeling worse.
Did you send me so I could get fresh air?
As if a stone was on your chest,
you were sighing so deeply.
Right. I did that.
What happened to Eun Seok?
What are you talking about?
Myung Hee,
my husband is the CEO of Haesung Apparel.
I heard Eun Seok resigned.
He must have nothing to do.
How can he hear the news...
about an employee so fast?
She's our niece.
He went to find her on the last day of the event,
and he couldn't find her.
So how can I not ask?
She collapsed from overworking.
So I sent her on a vacation.
Overworking?
But the event was her everything.
She's not seriously ill, is she?
Do you want her to be seriously ill?
Where did you send her?
Somewhere where you can never find her.
So don't even think about looking for her.
What would I do if I find her?
Couldn't you just make a call?
Are you good enough to find out something...
if you see my face?
Until when will she take time off?
Until the foundation anniversary.
You're done, aren't you?
You should go. I have an appointment.
I am not good enough...
to read your face or mind.
But I've been doing this for years.
I can smell that something is wrong,
although I don't know what I am smelling.
See you.
You booked the ticket to Hawaii, didn't you?
I did, ma'am.
Okay.
It's all Yang Mi Jung's fault.
Ji An.
Why are you still here?
Come with me, Ji An.
Who are you to say that?
Who are you?
A friend?
I don't care.
I don't care that you found me.
How about your family?
Aren't you worried about them?
Your parents must be worried about you.
I don't want to care about them.
What?
I don't care about anyone.
Why are you so slow?
Get in.
I intentionally stopped her.
If I let her go,
she was going to die somewhere else.
Are those a sane person's eyes?
There's no life in them.
Dinner is ready.
Okay.
What am I supposed to do?
(Choi Do Kyung)
Should I tell him?
Please.
If you reach her,
please inform me...
without telling her.
I beg you.
(Choi Do Kyung)
Say an heir to a big corporation is...
desperately looking for this ordinary girl.
They dated,
but his family destroyed the relationship.
After getting abused, the girl hid.
And the guy is looking all over for her.
That's it.
Ji An.
What am I supposed to do?
You're home.
Follow me.
Which one is her toothbrush?
Seo Hyun uses an electric toothbrush.
I haven't bought...
a toothbrush sterilizer for Eun Seok yet.
Then this must be it.
Bring this out...
and give her a new one.
Take the hairbrush too.
We will double check it.
Yes, ma'am.
Is that all cosmetics she has?
Have the DNA test with them.
Ma'am.
Vice President Choi already tested it.
He had Ji An's DNA tested.
It just proves that Ji An is not our daughter.
It doesn't mean Ji Soo is our daughter.
Pardon?
I didn't think Jo Soon Ok could've lied to me.
What if someone else is real Eun Seok,
and she told me one of them were her...
just by showing me two toothbrushes?
I just want to be sure.
I can't get fooled again.
Yes, ma'am.
- Ms. Min. - Yes, ma'am.
I got toothbrushes from Yang Mi Jung for DNA test.
Did you tell my husband about that?
- Yes. - When?
He called me to his office and asked. So I told him.
How could you do that without consulting me?
You should've told me when he called you.
I thought I was in charge...
of this whole family.
What?
I'm not just working for you.
Vice President Choi is also my boss.
I'm supposed to answer his questions.
- Then Jo Soon Ok... - Please don't worry.
I didn't tell him anything about Jo Soon Ok.
I told him I don't know Jo Soon Ok's whereabouts.
He just asked me how the DNA test was taken,
so I told him the truth.
Then...
I'll have the DNA test with these immediately.
Before you tell your husband about this,
I won't say anything.
Look at her.
Pull over.
Get in the car. I'll come with you.
I'm almost home. I'll just walk.
Get in.
"How are you?"
Pardon?
Or "How was your day?"
You could say such things.
How was your day?
I came home early so I can have dinner with you.
Okay.
What do you think about the birdcage? Is it good?
No.
No?
I don't like metal bars.
When I lived in a semi-basement room,
Ji An always slept by the window.
Mom!
What?
Nothing.
I had a dream where I was crying in bars before.
I just recalled it.
In bars?
It wasn't a birdcage?
Pardon?
Your brother put you in the cage when you were 3.
My brother?
You cried holding the bars and fell with the cage.
So it wasn't a dream.
It was a memory.
So you have some memory even though it's not good.
You're home.
- You're here. - Yes.
- I'm hungry. - Dinner is ready.
Let's wash up and have dinner.
- Where's the bathroom? - This way.
She didn't even put her purse down yet.
Why did you share the car with her?
You could've been seen.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
We could have a guest.
You can never be too cautious.
It's closing the barn door after the horse has fled.
That's enough, Choi Jae Sung.
You should stop this.
What did I do?
You're not accepting her with your heart.
She's been here for more than a week.
Don't you feel sorry for Eun Seok?
It's not like that. It's just hard.
Isn't it hard for you as well?
She's nothing like Ji An.
When Ji An was here,
I thought she was my long-lost daughter.
I embraced her with all my heart.
I know. I felt the same way.
I can accept her with my head,
but I can't do that with my heart.
That's why we should try harder.
As Ji Soo said,
it was our fault. It's my fault...
that I only took your word for it.
That made our daughter get hurt so bad.
You're blaming me again.
Tell Yang Mi Jung she can run her restaurant.
I'll tell Seo Tae Soo...
to forget the whole thing and keep it a secret.
So there's nothing we can do?
We have to admit it was our fault.
We told them not to turn themselves in.
As Ji Soo said,
the mistake you made 25 years ago...
was the main cause of losing Eun Seok.
All right.
It was my bad I didn't check the back seat.
So you've blamed me for the past 25 years.
I could've found her if I didn't have an accident.
You think?
Of course.
I would've gone back to the rest area right away.
That's enough.
Eun Seok says she's hungry.
All you need to worry about now...
is finding the person who sent me the letter.
Right.
Why aren't they asking me for money?
I'm so hungry.
Aren't you hungry? It's already past seven.
I'm hungry.
You shouldn't eat before Mom and Dad come.
This family is so weird.
Whenever I say I'm hungry,
my mom makes some noodles for me immediately.
I'm sorry for making you wait.
You're here.
Why are you standing up?
You don't need to stand up.
Let's eat.
Can I have some soy sauce?
Is it not seasoned well?
It's too bland for me.
Is it bland?
The cook is...
They made it bland so we can appreciate...
the real taste of ingredients.
You'll appreciate it once you try it.
I'm not sure what's the true taste of ingredients,
but I just want delicious food.
I'll have some ramyeon instead.
Ji Soo. We don't have ramyeon here.
I know. So I bought some today.
Do you want some?
No. I don't eat such a thing.
Okay then.
Have a seat.
I'll cook some ramyeon.
Sit down.
Ask my permission before leaving your seat.
Cook some ramyeon for her.
Make it two. I want to have ramyeon with her.
I want eggs in my ramyeon.
Put in two eggs.
Yes, sir.
The noise...
is so very loud.
Ramyeon tastes best...
when slurped like this.
Bring me some aspirin.
Let's eat out.
Why cause more work?
We're trying to save up...
so we can move out.
We're cooking dinner...
instead of breakfast.
Our situation isn't exactly that great.
What? Didn't you drag me out this morning...
to stick to the rules?
Don't try so hard.
I feel sorry to you.
Me? How am I trying?
You're pretending to not be bothered.
I'm not bothered.
I've decided not to let circumstances...
influence us.
We struggled to get married.
I'm fighting for our marriage.
Are you touched?
You're frugal and wise.
I married a great woman.
Be good to me then.
You too.
Open your mouth wide.
It's good.
I might end up...
cooking this for a month.
I'll eat anything you make.
I once had kimchi fried rice for two months.
Shall we plan a dinner menu?
No, the time you get off work is irregular.
We'll just waste ingredients.
Mother works late,
and Father's been coming home late.
Is that how all parents feel?
Your sister won't want to talk to them.
Just so she can be at peace.
How does he know where she is?
Why does he even look for her?
Don't raise your voice.
I'm frustrated.
I don't like seeing them trying to make amends.
I'm thirsty.
Can I have some water?
I forgot to bring some.
Go on eating.
(Welcome to Canada!)
We should...
install a small fridge in here.
So we won't have to make a trip downstairs.
What for? We're going to emigrate anyway.
How did you find that?
I'd hidden something in there as well.
I was going to tell you after dinner.
I'd like you to go first.
What's this?
Are you considering emigrating?
I looked into it just in case.
I didn't want to wait...
until Haesung came after us.
To be honest,
I wanted to leave.
This house,
my parents.
(Welcome to Canada!)
Father gave us 10,000 dollars to move.
When?
A few days ago.
He said we should move out so we can...
enjoy being newlyweds.
I didn't tell you right away...
because...
I actually considered the offer.
You should've told me.
Why didn't you?
We said we'd go on with...
our lives regardless of the circumstances.
I thought I was breaking that rule.
But...
now that I see you were considering emigrating,
you should make the call.
Excuse me.
Are you Seo Ji An's father?
Yes, I'm Seo Ji An's father.
Why?
Has something happened to her?
No. No, sir.
I had something to ask her.
Has she not come home yet?
Not yet.
What's the matter? Why are you here?
I had questions about her work,
but she isn't answering her phone.
Okay. I'll tell her to call you...
if I hear from her.
Why hasn't she come home yet?
She was definitely on her way home.
Why didn't she return?
She saw that.
She saw it.
Do you know what I said to my dad?
I totally crushed him.
I can't let him go through...
that kind of humiliation.
You know very well...
what your parents will do to mine.
My family will be wrecked.
My mom will be jailed for fraud..
My dad will go insane...
with guilt and disappointment.
She saw it.
I'm coming in.
Okay.
Ji Soo.
Did Ji An call you?
No.
And she won't from now on.
Why not? You two were close.
When we met,
I got really angry.
You met her?
When?
Where?
Why do you ask?
I have to ask about work,
but I can't reach her.
At the park behind the bakery.
When?
The day I came here.
Were you angry that...
she didn't tell you first?
Why?
I put it off...
because you weren't in the mood to talk.
I have something to say.
Ji An had a scar on her toe.
That's how she knew it wasn't her.
The scar on her pinkie toe?
She told me right away...
that she wasn't my sister.
That you were my sister.
But because of a big company event, I...
She told you,
but not me?
She was worried about you.
But before that,
she was concerned for your parents.
You're a victim,
but they were perpetrators.
If our family found out...
Actually,
I was so angry when I found out.
That's why she couldn't tell you.
If you found out,
the secret would get out before the event was over.
She was worried for you...
and for your parents,
- but to shield them... - Stop.
Do you think...
telling me that...
will help do away with the misunderstanding?
It won't?
It's just the same to me.
She should've told me as soon as she found out.
She should've told me so we'd solve it together.
She didn't...
trust me.
She didn't think of me as her sister.
She's just like our parents.
I want to turn myself in.
What?
For whatever reason, I did wrong.
I have to pay the price.
If I go to prison,
our kids will be safe and they won't touch Ji An.
We don't know where Ji An is or if she's even alive.
Don't do this. What got into you?
Is the work that hard? Is it that humiliating?
No, it's not embarrassing at all.
I can work for centuries if our kids won't mind.
I'd even go in as their helper.
Ji An's staying away because of me.
She can't stand me.
Ji Soo turned against me...
and Ji Ho too.
Ji Tae...
and Soo A.
Why live when my kids can't respect me?
I'll turn myself in...
and do time in prison.
When I'm released,
then maybe...
You are so foolish.
I want to pay for the foolish deeds I did.
That's not being foolish.
We must pay...
in whichever way Ji Soo's parents decide.
We must do as they say.
What if our kids don't forgive me?
I can't live without Ji An and Ji Soo's forgiveness.
What if...
I never see Ji Soo again?
What if she never wants to see me again?
I can't live like that.
Stop the car.
My goodness.
How dare you come here?
I apologize.
Are you pretending to be a mourning mom?
I want to see Ji Soo just once...
before I turn myself in.
What?
Even if I pay by doing time in prison,
I know it won't be enough for you.
I can't even touch the money I make.
I can't even touch it, let alone spend it.
I left it in the kitchen fridge.
That's what I want for you.
You can't turn yourself in.
You will both feel better if I go away.
I did something dreadful to you.
What good is it to humiliate me...
by making me earn money?
Humiliation?
My own kids...
humiliate me.
Even Ji Soo.
She won't even call me.
What will she say if you turn yourself in?
Won't she blame us...
for imprisoning the mom who raised her?
Prison?
I want you to go away forever,
but I can't for Ji Soo's sake.
So go away and do as you're told.
Don't ever loiter near my house again.
Ji Soo.
Ma'am.
Why are you mopping alone? Where's Mr. Sunwoo?
He went to the Incheon sawmill yesterday...
and didn't return.
He isn't back yet?
What do you mean "yet"?
We went to Incheon together.
My boss told me to go to Incheon...
to get some salt.
Your boss sent you?
I'm here to deliver Sunwoo Hyuk.
Why are you bringing him home?
My back's about to break. Let's put him down.
What's the matter?
Was it very important?
I don't know.
Why are you here?
I brought some bread.
Why did you bring this?
Ji Soo, I told you clearly I don't want your bread...
and even settled the bill.
Why did you bring more?
My boss sent me.
I thought you had changed your mind.
I won't repeat myself three times.
Don't ever bring your bread.
Okay. I apologize.
Mr. Baker!
You startled me.
Isn't this deja vu?
She said she doesn't want our bread.
She said no?
What's wrong with you?
Why are you hitting on a married woman?
She was so angry with me.
I don't think I can go back there again.
How will I get to see Mr. Sunwoo again?
You said you were over him.
The woman he likes likes someone else.
I can still like him if he isn't spoken for.
Then I can still like her.
You said groundless hope is delusion.
- Not bad. - That was your advice.
You told me not to care for...
someone who isn't interested.
She's not uninterested.
She's married.
- She's not married. - What?
The cafe owner isn't married.
She isn't married?
Will you stop getting your facts wrong?
That's strange.
How do you know she isn't married?
There are no subway stations nearby.
The only bus stop...
is that way, right?
Yes, but she could've taken a taxi.
No, she wouldn't have.
Stop.
Is this broken?
I played it for two and a half hours,
and she's still there.
Please fast forward it a bit.
Look. She's gone.
Go back a bit.
Stop, stop.
Where does that bus go?
Excuse me. Have you seen this person?
No, sorry.
Have you seen this person?
(Seo Ji An)
- Mr. Choi. - Secretary Yoo.
Locate Seo Ji An's cellphone now.
Before that,
someone's looking for this person in the picture.
Who's that?
He was here today,
but I'm not sure if it's her father.
Locate it now.
Yes, sir.
What?
(Sunwoo Hyuk)
Ji An's safe.
I'll tell you no more...
because she doesn't want me to.
(Choi Do Kyung)
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Where's Ji An?
Have you met her?
Please call me.
I'd like to talk to Ji An.
Please tell her to give me a call.
(Choi Do Kyung)
The number you're dialing...
Why isn't he picking up?
I'm glad she's safe.
He promised to call me.
Telling me she's safe isn't enough.
She doesn't want it.
What?
Talking to you, sir.
Is that...
what that means?
If he's the one she called when she's suffering...
the most, you can trust him.
He will take care of her.
You think so?
Yes, yes, yes.
Right.
It's good that someone's taking care of her.
Let's go.
(Bus Stop)
(Youngheung Intercity Bus Terminal)
(My Golden Life)
Ji An still hasn't called.
It's been over a week.
What did you two talk about?
Why do you care...
what I talked about with Ji An?
Tell me now.
Do you wish Seo Ji Soo isn't your daughter?
No Myung Hee.
Do you think your daughter's born noble?
It's certain Seo Ji An's with her friend.
Is she all right?
Are you still worried?
No. Not at all!
The result of Seo Ji An's phone location...
shows the last place of reception...
was Incheon.
Hyuk. Let's go.